# Vision Statement
TeachReach is a platform that connects students seeking academic help with qualified tutors. The platform provides a convenient way for students to find and book sessions with a tutor for a course. Tutors on TeachReach are verified individuals who have excelled in their respective courses as students themselves and possess first-hand experience to guide and support struggling students with their individual needs.  

The platform accommodates both students and tutors across post-secondary institutions, using institution-provided emails for user sign-up. For users seeking to tutor, the process involves submitting proof of enrollment and transcripts for verification of grades in specific courses. Tutors, who have excelled in these courses, can seamlessly communicate with students who have reached out to them to plan sessions, schedule tutoring appointments, and handle payments—all within the platform. Tutors will also have the option to either accept or reject a student’s request to be tutored, based on their discretion. Additionally, both users will have the convenience of viewing all their upcoming sessions. Students will be able to provide feedback with a rating for their tutors as well.  

Users will have profiles with details like name, pronouns, major and availability. Tutor’s profiles will also include hourly rate, courses they tutor, ratings and feedback from students, enabling students to find a tutor that suits their needs. To maintain a safe and respectful learning environment, users can report inappropriate behavior or report tutors for failing to adequately carry out a tutoring session.  

Administrators play an important role in maintaining platform integrity by reviewing reports, verifying user credentials, and taking appropriate actions. The platform allows administrators to address any issues promptly, fostering a secure and trustworthy learning environment.  

TeachReach is valuable due to the nature of post secondary education. It addresses the lack of personalized aid, which is often absent in this stage of education. The platform also enables students to connect with tutors faster and more directly, while providing the ability to personally select a tutor that meets their needs. Financial strain associated with post-secondary education is also a growing issue. The platform will provide high-achieving students with an accessible and flexible opportunity to earn income.  

TeachReach will take a small percentage of the tutoring fees, with the majority going to the tutors. Success for TeachReach is defined by three key metrics. Firstly, our goal is to cultivate an engaged user base, striving for 1000 active users. Secondly, we aim for the platform to extend its impact to a minimum of five distinct post-secondary institutions, each with a user base of at least a hundred students. Lastly, we aim to achieve a minimum monthly profit of $10,000, ensuring the platform's viability and sustainability for the product owner. If all of these targets are met, we consider TeachReach to be a success.


